add the additional file mount for iSCSI on RHEL (#606)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/create-kubernetes-persistent-storage/manage-persistent-storage/install-iscsi-volumes.md

      - "/etc/iscsi:/etc/iscsi"
      - "/sbin/iscsiadm:/sbin/iscsiadm"
```

> You need to mount the file `/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.10` if the platform is RHEL 7.9, as shown in the sample below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using RHEL 7.9, you need to mount the file `/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.10` as shown in the sample below.

```

```
services:
  kubelet:
    extra_binds:
      - "/etc/iscsi:/etc/iscsi"
      - "/sbin/iscsiadm:/sbin/iscsiadm"
      - "/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.10:/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.10"
```

> :::note Tips

Author: fixed.

> You can run the command `docker exec kubelet iscsiadm --version` on any node to validate if iscsiadm is working properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify iscsiadm is working properly, you can run the command `docker exec kubelet iscsiadm --version` on any node.
```

      - "/etc/iscsi:/etc/iscsi"
      - "/sbin/iscsiadm:/sbin/iscsiadm"
```

If you're using RHEL 7.9, you need to mount the file `/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.10` as shown in the sample below.

```
services:
  kubelet:
    extra_binds:
      - "/etc/iscsi:/etc/iscsi"
      - "/sbin/iscsiadm:/sbin/iscsiadm"
      - "/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.10:/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.10"
```

If you're using RHEL 8.6, you need to mount the file `/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.1.1` as shown in the sample below.

```
services:
  kubelet:
    extra_binds:
      - "/etc/iscsi:/etc/iscsi"
      - "/sbin/iscsiadm:/sbin/iscsiadm"
      - "/usr/lib64/libcrypto.so.1.1:/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.1.1"
```

> :::tips

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```
